# Supply Chain Analysis for Fashion and Beauty Startup

The purpose of the program is to analyze supply chain datasets for fashion and beauty startups in order to enhance the decision-making process based on facts/insights.
01. It should be smart enough to provide descriptive statistics of the dataset
02. Detect the relationship between the price of the products and the revenue generated by them
03. Sales by product type
04. The total revenue generated from shipping carriers
05. The Average lead time and Average Manufacturing Costs for all products of the company
06. There’s a column in the dataset as SKUs, SKU stands for Stock Keeping Units. It is like a secret number only the store knows. This secret number is called SKU.
07. Provide revenue generated by each SKU
08. There’s another column in the dataset as Stock levels. Stock levels refer to the number of products a store or business has in its inventory
09. Provide stock levels of each SKU
10. Order quantity of each SKU
11. Analyze the shipping cost of Carriers
12. Provide cost distribution by transportation mode
13. The defect rate in the supply chain refers to the percentage of products that have something wrong or are found broken after shipping.
14. Provide average defect rate of all product types
15. Also defect rates by mode of transportation

## Important path and link to run application
01. Dataset used is available on this repo at this path "Dataset\supply_chain_data.csv"
02. The main program is written in jupyter notebook and is available on this repo at this path "Main_program\Supply_Chain_Analysis_.ipynb"
03. The project document is available on this repo at this path "Project_document\Final_Project_document.docx"
04. The tested program is also available in google colab below is link to access the same\
    => https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1MlLa_NLOfWIZKkF9iS8Xo0gCKZQNgHRP#scrollTo=WJ2E6dqAhEaZ
